{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Improve this prompt: Help us create a flexible project plan that goes step by step and focuses on building out each initial step as we build and move further along our vision.\
\
We\'92re look to plan a project that takes basketball players and pairs them with different historical figures based on their similarities. We\'92re going to create multiple series of this, the first being pairing famous basketball players with figures from the bible throughout all of jewish history based on their \'93similarity\'94. We\'92re considering calling this first series \'93Court & Covenant\'94.\
\
We want to create cool, art insert styled basketball cards from these basketball player - historical figure cards. The basketball player and historical figure will \'93interact\'94 slap five, be \'93back to back\'94 or generally just do something characteristic of their games side by side. \
\
We want to make these cards awesome looking and style them according to the decade from the basketball player. The card aesthetic is variable and we know we like fleer ultra 93-34 thunder and lightning, inside out and power in the key. We like Fleer Metal, Stadium Club Beam Team. We also like Prizms, refractors and parallels from the 2020s. \
\
We want to use nano-banana to create the content programmatically that does NOT include NBA logos, teams or any type of licensed materials. The players likeness themselves will be used with jersey colors, but they will be stylized, but recognizable drawings and this is considered art. \
\
Here\'92s a sample prompt with variables for a 1990s theme - we would want there to be more variables below for the card type and for the pairing:\
Sample 
\f1\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Prompt:
\f2\b0  A vertical 1990s premium basketball card in the style of the "Thunder & Lightning" insert set. The card features two figures emerging from a cosmic, high-energy background: on the left, 
\f1\b [PLAYER NAME]
\f2\b0  in a dynamic action pose, wearing a generic pro basketball jersey in 
\f1\b [TEAM COLORS]
\f2\b0  with no logos. On the right, 
\f1\b [BIBLICAL FIGURE]
\f2\b0  in a regal, classical artistic style, holding 
\f1\b [SPECIFIC ATTRIBUTE]
\f2\b0 . The background is a vibrant, electric gradient of deep 
\f1\b [COLOR 1]
\f2\b0  and 
\f1\b [COLOR 2]
\f2\b0 , filled with glowing nebulae, cosmic dust, and white-hot electric lightning bolts that arc between the two figures. At the top, the title "
\f1\b THUNDER & LIGHTNING
\f2\b0 " is written in a clean, bold, white 1990s sans-serif font with a subtle drop shadow. Overlapping the figures at the top center is the "
\f1\b COURT & COVENANT
\f2\b0 " brand logo in a smaller, sophisticated gold script. The entire card has a high-gloss, "Refractor" finish with intense rim lighting on the subjects. The bottom of the card features a simple, elegant bar with the names "
\f1\b [PLAYER] & [FIGURE]
\f2\b0 ". No NBA logos or official team branding.\
\
We want to create at least two cards per pairing that are different. And then use the cards as the start and end to making slight motion videos for social media  promotion. \
\
We need a more developed social media promotional strategy.\
\
We need to create a website for each series of cards starting with this. The website should be interactive and feel like yours opening up a pack, but ultimately searchable. We would want to sell the cards of the series AND sell posters that highlight card combos.\
\
We also want to build a NBA Jam like arcade style app that features the pairings. With special backgrounds and details that match the styling of the series. }